hey guys today I'm going to show you how
to change the oil on the people
excavating it's basic service that most
people the first service they're doing
they've got a Karbala cycle it's basic
but you should always have the proper
tools you should always have the service
model and I can't be responsible to do
the old bikes and sit back and join a
video learn how to change the oil on a
do the next vid ok guys I'll see you
soon
all right guys first step is to move
this thing spoiler okay
you got three on this side two on the
front and two like this on the other
side okay I'm ready to move them most
looms at the last one the end of second
time
okay and I'll be right back alright guys
in fact the other side of the bike now
first thing is loosen up the oil
dipstick yeah so it'll drain and set it
off thoroughly
okay the oil drain plug is right here
above the exhaust outlet what I like to
do I put a piece of aluminum foil over
that and it drains right into the oil
pan the you don't have to do this but it
really saves time for cleaning up all
right
remember when you put this back in do
not overtighten this okay because it's
easy to stress and to make nice and snug
check this box back though do that all
the top list
let that drain and I'll be right back
alright guys well that's a drain and you
know thoroughly clean up the the drain
plug is a it's a magnetic here on the
end so get any gunk over that and I also
recommend replacing the the o-ring you
know do you have to every time probably
not but I do okay I always have a couple
of old rings on all right come on okay
all right we'll let that finish draining
and I'll be right back
alright guys the next step is you know
I'm gonna be reinstalling a grave love
ya
a lot easier to clean up into dude that
way like this on your hand or I totally
tighten it up
I remember I said do not very important
do not over torque this okay all right
because you can shred this and then you
have to get into a drain plug kind of
bring your day alright guys I'm going to
button this up torque it up and we're
going to go on to the other side of the
bike got the right back all right guys
we're on the other side of the bike now
and we're going to take URL photo F
which is right here
once again I just put a piece of
aluminum foil on the muffler only for
cleanup you know to save time to clean
up really nothing else you might have to
use an oil filter wrench on this even
though I only hand tighten when we put
them on but guess all the time it just
gets tight
take your time
and they become loose first one
sometimes is a a little tighter although
this one looking so big
all right and I'll be right back all
right guys two things here the first
thing you do is you put a little bit of
oil on the gasket okay and the second
thing is you put four ounces of oil
right into the filter okay for four
ounces and they don't forget to do this
okay let them suck in there
and you guess this prevents dry starts
order for the oil pump I guess
all right let me finish that up and end
up with UofL duan takes a few seconds to
soak in alright guys the next thing we
do now is I'm going to install the oil
filter make it hand tight okay but I
make it nice and snug
all right all right
now be right back all right guys we're
in the homestretch here next time we're
gonna do is going to add oil what I like
to do is to just loosen this the brake
cable here so just leave it Electra
woman for me alone you don't have to do
this though I just do it okay just
remember check your manual see how much
the oil it takes and you have to
subtract out the four ounces that we put
in the oil filter okay
I'm going to fill this up and I'll be
right back all right guys I finished the
Thunder up put the the filler plug back
in there okay I tightened up the the
brake hose bracket and the last step is
to put on the good chin spoil which I'm
not going to film not going to bore you
with that and basically that's how you
were change the viewer the oil on a
Buell XP starter up check for leaks
and you're done alright guys thanks for
watching hope you liked the video see
you soon